[control-plane-manager] merge the monitoring-kubernetes-control-plane module into the control-plane-manager (#20734)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-control-plane-manager/docs/README.md

  - placing data storage application pods closer to the data itself,
  - state-based node prioritization (network load, storage subsystem status, etc.),
  - dividing nodes into zones, etc.

> - **Monitors the control plane**. The CPM module organizes secure metrics collection and provides a basic set of monitoring rules for the control plane components (`kube-apiserver`, `kube-controller-manager`, `kube-scheduler`, and `kube-etcd`). See [Control plane monitoring](#control-plane-monitoring).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Monitors the control plane**. The CPM module organizes secure metrics collection and provides a basic set of monitoring rules for the control plane components. For details, refer to [Control plane monitoring](#control-plane-monitoring).
```

You can find how to set up policies in [a special FAQ section](faq.html#how-do-i-configure-additional-audit-policies).

## Control plane monitoring

The module organizes secure metrics collection and provides a basic set of monitoring rules for the following cluster components:

- kube-apiserver
- kube-controller-manager
- kube-scheduler

> - kube-etcd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `kube-apiserver`
- `kube-controller-manager`
- `kube-scheduler`
- `kube-etcd`
```
